<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [expandInputs][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [lint][3]
    -   [Parameters][4]
    -   [Examples][5]
-   [lint][6]
    -   [Parameters][7]
-   [build][8]
    -   [Parameters][9]
    -   [Examples][10]
-   [formats][11]
-   [inline_tokenizer][12]
-   [nest][13]
    -   [Parameters][14]
-   [filterAccess][15]
    -   [Parameters][16]
-   [walk][17]
    -   [Parameters][18]
-   [dependencyStream][19]
    -   [Parameters][20]
-   [filter][21]
    -   [Parameters][22]
-   [module_filters][23]
    -   [externals][24]
        -   [Parameters][25]
-   [commentToFlow][26]
    -   [Parameters][27]
-   [convertPathToPosix][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
-   [processPath][30]
    -   [Parameters][31]
-   [resolveFileGlobPatterns][32]
    -   [Parameters][33]
-   [listFilesToProcess][34]
    -   [Parameters][35]
-   [addFile][36]
    -   [Parameters][37]
-   [shallow][38]
    -   [Parameters][39]
-   [parseJavaScript][40]
    -   [Parameters][41]
-   [todo][42]
-   [parseJSDoc][43]
    -   [Parameters][44]
-   [parseComment][45]
    -   [Parameters][46]
-   [parseVueScript][47]
    -   [Parameters][48]
-   [linkGitHub][49]
    -   [Parameters][50]
-   [findGit][51]
    -   [Parameters][52]
-   [getGithubURLPrefix][53]
    -   [Parameters][54]
-   [isEvent][55]
    -   [Parameters][56]
-   [hierarchy][57]
    -   [Parameters][58]
-   [inferName][59]
    -   [Parameters][60]
-   [inferKind][61]
    -   [Parameters][62]
-   [inferAugments][63]
    -   [Parameters][64]
-   [inferImplements][65]
    -   [Parameters][66]
-   [inferParams][67]
    -   [Parameters][68]
-   [mapTags][69]
    -   [Parameters][70]
-   [renameTree][71]
    -   [Parameters][72]
-   [inferProperties][73]
    -   [Parameters][74]
-   [identifiers][75]
-   [identifiers][76]
-   [normalizeMemberof][77]
    -   [Parameters][78]
-   [isJSDocComment][79]
    -   [Parameters][80]
-   [inferReturn][81]
    -   [Parameters][82]
-   [inferAccess][83]
    -   [Parameters][84]
-   [inferType][85]
    -   [Parameters][86]
-   [markdownAST][87]
    -   [Parameters][88]
-   [generate][89]
    -   [Parameters][90]
-   [t][91]
    -   [Parameters][92]
-   [link][93]
    -   [Parameters][94]
    -   [Examples][95]
-   [commaList][96]
    -   [Parameters][97]
-   [decorate][98]
    -   [Parameters][99]
-   [formatType][100]
    -   [Parameters][101]
    -   [Examples][102]
-   [mergePackage][103]
    -   [Parameters][104]
-   [mergeConfigFile][105]
    -   [Parameters][106]
-   [formats.html][107]
    -   [Parameters][108]
    -   [Examples][109]
-   [formats.markdown][110]
    -   [Parameters][111]
    -   [Examples][112]
-   [formats.json][113]
    -   [Parameters][114]
    -   [Examples][115]
-   [formatters][116]
    -   [Parameters][117]
    -   [parameter][118]
        -   [Parameters][119]
    -   [markdown][120]
        -   [Parameters][121]
    -   [type][122]
        -   [Parameters][123]
    -   [autolink][124]
        -   [Parameters][125]
    -   [parameters][126]
        -   [Parameters][127]
-   [pathsLinker][128]
    -   [Parameters][129]
-   [firstPass][130]
    -   [Parameters][131]
-   [LinkerStack][132]
    -   [Parameters][133]

## expandInputs

Given an array of indexes and options for whether to resolve shallow
or deep dependencies, resolve dependencies.

### Parameters

-   `indexes` **([Array][134]&lt;[string][135]> | [string][135])** files to process
-   `config` **[Object][136]** options

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>>** promise with results

## lint

Lint files for non-standard or incorrect documentation
information, returning a potentially-empty string
of lint information intended for human-readable output.

### Parameters

-   `indexes` **([Array][134]&lt;[string][135]> | [string][135])** files to process
-   `args` **[Object][136]** args
    -   `args.external` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** a string regex / glob match pattern
        that defines what external modules will be whitelisted and included in the
        generated documentation.
    -   `args.shallow` **[boolean][138]** whether to avoid dependency parsing
        even in JavaScript code. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `args.inferPrivate` **[string][135]?** a valid regular expression string
        to infer whether a code element should be private, given its naming structure.
        For instance, you can specify `inferPrivate: '^_'` to automatically treat
        methods named like `_myMethod` as private.
    -   `args.extension` **([string][135] \| [Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>)?** treat additional file extensions
        as JavaScript, extending the default set of `js`, `es6`, and `jsx`.

### Examples

```javascript
documentation.lint('file.js').then(lintOutput => {
  if (lintOutput) {
    console.log(lintOutput);
    process.exit(1);
  } else {
    process.exit(0);
  }
});
```

Returns **[Promise][137]** promise with lint results

## lint

Passively lints and checks documentation data.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** array of errors

## build

Generate JavaScript documentation as a list of parsed JSDoc
comments, given a root file as a path.

### Parameters

-   `indexes` **([Array][134]&lt;[string][135]> | [string][135])** files to process
-   `args` **[Object][136]** args
    -   `args.external` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** a string regex / glob match pattern
        that defines what external modules will be whitelisted and included in the
        generated documentation.
    -   `args.shallow` **[boolean][138]** whether to avoid dependency parsing
        even in JavaScript code. (optional, default `false`)
    -   `args.order` **[Array][134]&lt;([string][135] \| [Object][136])>** optional array that
        defines sorting order of documentation (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `args.access` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** an array of access levels
        to output in documentation (optional, default `[]`)
    -   `args.hljs` **[Object][136]?** hljs optional args
        -   `args.hljs.highlightAuto` **[boolean][138]** hljs automatically detect language (optional, default `false`)
        -   `args.hljs.languages` **[Array][134]?** languages for hljs to choose from
    -   `args.inferPrivate` **[string][135]?** a valid regular expression string
        to infer whether a code element should be private, given its naming structure.
        For instance, you can specify `inferPrivate: '^_'` to automatically treat
        methods named like `_myMethod` as private.
    -   `args.extension` **([string][135] \| [Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>)?** treat additional file extensions
        as JavaScript, extending the default set of `js`, `es6`, and `jsx`.

### Examples

```javascript
var documentation = require('documentation');

documentation.build(['index.js'], {
  // only output comments with an explicit @public tag
  access: ['public']
}).then(res => {
  // res is an array of parsed comments with inferred properties
  // and more: everything you need to build documentation or
  // any other kind of code data.
});
```

Returns **[Promise][137]** results

## formats

Documentation's formats are modular methods that take comments
and config as input and return Promises with results,
like stringified JSON, markdown strings, or Vinyl objects for HTML
output.

## inline_tokenizer

A remark plugin that installs
[tokenizers][139]
and [locators][140]
for JSDoc inline `{@link}` and `{@tutorial}` tags.

This does not handle the `[text]({@link url})` and `[text]({@tutorial url})` forms of these tags.
That's a JSDoc misfeature; just use regular markdown syntax instead: `[text](url)`.

Returns **[undefined][141]** 

## nest

Nests
[parameters with properties][142].

A parameter `employee.name` will be attached to the parent parameter `employee` in
a `properties` array.

This assumes that incoming comments have been flattened.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** input comment

Returns **[Object][136]** nested comment

## filterAccess

Exclude given access levels from the generated documentation: this allows
users to write documentation for non-public members by using the
`@private` tag.

### Parameters

-   `levels` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** included access levels. (optional, default `['public','undefined','protected']`)
-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** parsed comments (can be nested)

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** filtered comments

## walk

Apply a function to all comments within a hierarchy: this iterates
through children in the 'members' property.

### Parameters

-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** an array of nested comments
-   `fn` **[Function][143]** a walker function
-   `options` **[Object][136]?** options passed through to walker function

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** comments

## dependencyStream

Returns a readable stream of dependencies, given an array of entry
points and an object of options to provide to module-deps.

This stream requires filesystem access, and thus isn't suitable
for a browser environment.

### Parameters

-   `indexes`  paths to entry files as strings
-   `config`  optional options passed

Returns **any** results

## filter

Determine whether a module should be included in documentation

### Parameters

-   `id` **[string][135]** path to a module

Returns **[boolean][138]** true if the module should be included.

## module_filters

Module filters

### externals

Create a filter function for use with module-deps, allowing the specified
external modules through.

#### Parameters

-   `indexes` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** the list of entry points that will be
    used by module-deps
-   `options` **[Object][136]** An options object with `external` being a
    micromatch-compatible glob. _NOTE:_ the glob will be matched relative to
    the top-level node_modules directory for each entry point.

Returns **[function][143]** A function for use as the module-deps `postFilter`
options.

## commentToFlow

Convert flow comment types into flow annotations so that
they end up in the final AST. If the source does not contain
a flow pragma, the code is returned verbatim.

### Parameters

-   `source` **any** code with flow type comments

Returns **[string][135]** code with flow annotations

## convertPathToPosix

Replace Windows with posix style paths

### Parameters

-   `filepath` **[string][135]** Path to convert

Returns **[string][135]** Converted filepath

## processPath

Checks if a provided path is a directory and returns a glob string matching
all files under that directory if so, the path itself otherwise.

Reason for this is that `glob` needs `/**` to collect all the files under a
directory where as our previous implementation without `glob` simply walked
a directory that is passed. So this is to maintain backwards compatibility.

Also makes sure all path separators are POSIX style for `glob` compatibility.

### Parameters

-   `extensions` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** An array of accepted extensions (optional, default `['.js']`)

Returns **[Function][143]** A function that takes a pathname and returns a glob that
                    matches all files with the provided extensions if
                    pathname is a directory.

## resolveFileGlobPatterns

Resolves any directory patterns into glob-based patterns for easier handling.

### Parameters

-   `patterns` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** File patterns (such as passed on the command line).
-   `extensions` **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** A list of file extensions

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[string][135]>** The equivalent glob patterns and filepath strings.

## listFilesToProcess

Build a list of absolute filesnames on which ESLint will act.
Ignored files are excluded from the results, as are duplicates.

### Parameters

-   `globPatterns`  Glob patterns.

Returns **any** Resolved absolute filenames.

## addFile

Executes the linter on a file defined by the `filename`. Skips
unsupported file extensions and any files that are already linted.

### Parameters

-   `filename` **[string][135]** The file to be processed

Returns **void** 

## shallow

A readable source for content that doesn't do dependency resolution, but
simply reads files and pushes them onto a stream.

If an array of strings is provided as input to this method, then
they will be treated as filenames and read into the stream.

If an array of objects is provided, then we assume that they are valid
objects with `source` and `file` properties, and don't use the filesystem
at all. This is one way of getting documentation.js to run in a browser
or without fs access.

### Parameters

-   `indexes`  entry points
-   `config`  parsing options

Returns **any** promise with parsed files

## parseJavaScript

Receives a module-dep item,
reads the file, parses the JavaScript, and parses the JSDoc.

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][136]** a chunk of data provided by module-deps
-   `config` **[Object][136]** config

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** an array of parsed comments

## todo

A no-op function for unsupported tags

Returns **[undefined][141]** does nothing

## parseJSDoc

Parse a comment with doctrine, decorate the result with file position and code
context, handle parsing errors, and fix up various infelicities in the structure
outputted by doctrine.

The following tags are treated as synonyms for a canonical tag:

-   `@virtual` ⇢ `@abstract`
-   `@extends` ⇢ `@augments`
-   `@constructor` ⇢ `@class`
-   `@const` ⇢ `@constant`
-   `@defaultvalue` ⇢ `@default`
-   `@desc` ⇢ `@description`
-   `@host` ⇢ `@external`
-   `@fileoverview`, `@overview` ⇢ `@file`
-   `@emits` ⇢ `@fires`
-   `@func`, `@method` ⇢ `@function`
-   `@var` ⇢ `@member`
-   `@arg`, `@argument` ⇢ `@param`
-   `@prop` ⇢ `@property`
-   `@return` ⇢ `@returns`
-   `@exception` ⇢ `@throws`
-   `@linkcode`, `@linkplain` ⇢ `@link`

The following tags are assumed to be singletons, and are flattened
to a top-level property on the result whose value is extracted from
the tag:

-   `@name`
-   `@memberof`
-   `@classdesc`
-   `@kind`
-   `@class`
-   `@constant`
-   `@event`
-   `@external`
-   `@file`
-   `@function`
-   `@member`
-   `@mixin`
-   `@module`
-   `@namespace`
-   `@typedef`
-   `@access`
-   `@lends`
-   `@description`
-   `@summary`
-   `@copyright`
-   `@deprecated`

The following tags are flattened to a top-level array-valued property:

-   `@param` (to `params` property)
-   `@property` (to `properties` property)
-   `@returns` (to `returns` property)
-   `@augments` (to `augments` property)
-   `@example` (to `examples` property)
-   `@throws` (to `throws` property)
-   `@see` (to `sees` property)
-   `@todo` (to `todos` property)

The `@global`, `@static`, `@instance`, and `@inner` tags are flattened
to a `scope` property whose value is `"global"`, `"static"`, `"instance"`,
or `"inner"`.

The `@access`, `@public`, `@protected`, and `@private` tags are flattened
to an `access` property whose value is `"protected"` or `"private"`.
The assumed default value is `"public"`, so `@access public` or `@public`
tags result in no `access` property.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[string][135]** input to be parsed
-   `loc` **[Object][136]** location of the input
-   `context` **[Object][136]** code context of the input

Returns **[Comment][144]** an object conforming to the
[documentation schema][145]

## parseComment

Parse a comment with doctrine and decorate the result with file position and code context.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** the current state of the parsed JSDoc comment

Returns **[undefined][141]** this emits data

## parseVueScript

Receives a module-dep item,
reads the file, parses the VueScript, and parses the JSDoc.

### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][136]** a chunk of data provided by module-deps
-   `config` **[Object][136]** config

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** an array of parsed comments

## linkGitHub

Attempts to link code to its place on GitHub.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with github inferred

## findGit

Given a full path to a single file, iterate upwards through the filesystem
to find a directory with a .git file indicating that it is a git repository

### Parameters

-   `filename`  any file within a repository

Returns **any** repository path

## getGithubURLPrefix

Given a a root directory, find its git configuration and figure out
the HTTPS URL at the base of that GitHub repository.

### Parameters

-   `root` **[string][135]** path at the base of this local repo


-   Throws **[Error][146]** if the root is not a git repo

Returns **[string][135]** base HTTPS url of the GitHub repository

## isEvent

Check if a given member object is of kind `event`.

### Parameters

-   `member` **[Object][136]** The member to check.

Returns **[boolean][138]** `true` if it is of kind `event`, otherwise false.

## hierarchy

### Parameters

-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** an array of parsed comments

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** nested comments, with only root comments
at the top level.

## inferName

Infers a `name` tag from the context.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with name inferred

## inferKind

Infers a `kind` tag from the context.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with kind inferred

## inferAugments

Infers an `augments` tag from an ES6 class declaration

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with kind inferred

## inferImplements

Infers an `augments` tag from an ES6 class declaration

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with kind inferred

## inferParams

Infers param tags by reading function parameter names

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with parameters

## mapTags

Index tags by their `name` property into an ES6 map.

### Parameters

-   `tags`  

## renameTree

Recurse through a potentially nested parameter tag,
replacing the auto-generated name, like $0, with an explicit
name provided from a JSDoc comment. For instance, if you have a code
block like

function f({ x });

It would by default be documented with a first param $0, with a member $0.x

If you specify the name of the param, then it could be documented with, say,
options and options.x. So we need to recursively rename not just $0 but
also $0.x and maybe $0.x.y.z all to options.x and options.x.y.z

### Parameters

-   `node`  
-   `explicitName`  

## inferProperties

Infers properties of TypeAlias objects (Flow or TypeScript type definitions)

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with inferred properties

## identifiers

var Bar = function(foo) { this.foo = foo; };

## identifiers

this.Bar = function(foo) { this.foo = foo; };

## normalizeMemberof

Returns the comment object after normalizing Foo.prototype and Foo# expressions

### Parameters

-   `comment`  parsed comment

Returns **any** the normalized comment

## isJSDocComment

Detect whether a comment is a JSDoc comment: it must be a block
comment which starts with two asterisks, not any other number of asterisks.

The code parser automatically strips out the first asterisk that's
required for the comment to be a comment at all, so we count the remaining
comments.

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** an ast path of the comment

Returns **[boolean][138]** whether it is valid

## inferReturn

Infers returns tags by using Flow return type annotations

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with return tag inferred

## inferAccess

Infers access from TypeScript annotations, and from the name (only private atm).

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with access inferred

## inferType

Infers type tags by using Flow/TypeScript type annotations

### Parameters

-   `comment` **[Object][136]** parsed comment

Returns **[Object][136]** comment with type tag inferred

## markdownAST

Given a hierarchy-nested set of comments, generate an remark-compatible
Abstract Syntax Tree usable for generating Markdown output

### Parameters

-   `comments`  nested comment
-   `args` **[Object][136]** currently none accepted
    -   `args.markdownToc` **[boolean][138]** whether to include a table of contents
        in markdown output. (optional, default `true`)
    -   `args.hljs` **[Object][136]** config to be passed to highlightjs for code highlighting:
        consult hljs.configure for the full list. (optional, default `{}`)

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[Object][136]>** returns an eventual Markdown value

## generate

Generate an AST chunk for a comment at a given depth: this is
split from the main function to handle hierarchially nested comments

### Parameters

-   `depth` **[number][147]** nesting of the comment, starting at 1
-   `comment` **[Object][136]** a single comment

Returns **[Object][136]** remark-compatible AST

## t

Shortcut to create a new text node

### Parameters

-   `text` **[string][135]** contents

Returns **[Object][136]** remark AST node

## link

Helper used to automatically link items to global JS documentation or to internal
documentation.

### Parameters

-   `text` **[string][135]** text to potentially link
-   `getHref` **[function][143]?** a function that tries
    to find a URL to point a named link to
-   `description` **[string][135]** text that will be shown to the user, if this
    is a two-part link with both target and text

### Examples

```javascript
link('string').url // => 'https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'
```

Returns **[Object][136]** [mdast][148] node

## commaList

Given a list of types, a method to get a link location, and start,
end, and separator strings, format a list of potential types. This is
used for optional arrays, like where either a string or number is
accepted as an input.

### Parameters

-   `getHref` **[Function][143]** a method that resolves a namepath to a path
-   `items` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** a list of doctrine-formatted type objects
-   `start` **[string][135]** string to prefix the output
-   `end` **[string][135]** string to suffix the output
-   `sep` **[string][135]** string between items

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** formatted remark AST

## decorate

Add a string after and potentially before a formatted type definition

### Parameters

-   `formatted` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** remark AST of a type definition
-   `str` **[string][135]** postfix
-   `prefix` **[boolean][138]** string to put after the type comment

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** suffixed and potentially prefixed type

## formatType

Helper used to format JSDoc-style type definitions into HTML or Markdown.

### Parameters

-   `getHref` **[function][143]** a function that tries
    to find a URL to point a named link to
-   `node` **[Object][136]** type object in doctrine style

### Examples

```javascript
formatType({ type: 'NameExpression', name: 'String' })[0].url
// => 'https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String'
```

Returns **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** array of [mdast][148] syntax trees

## mergePackage

Use the nearest package.json file for the default
values of `name` and `version` config.

### Parameters

-   `config` **[Object][136]** the user-provided config, usually via argv


-   Throws **[Error][146]** if the file cannot be read.

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[Object][136]>** configuration with inferred parameters

## mergeConfigFile

Merge a configuration file into program config, assuming that the location
of the configuration file is given as one of those config.

### Parameters

-   `config` **[Object][136]** the user-provided config, usually via argv


-   Throws **[Error][146]** if the file cannot be read.

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[Object][136]>** configuration, if it can be parsed

## formats.html

Formats documentation as HTML.

### Parameters

-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Comment][144]>** parsed comments
-   `config` **[Object][136]** Options that can customize the output
    -   `config.theme` **[string][135]** Name of a module used for an HTML theme. (optional, default `'default_theme'`)

### Examples

```javascript
var documentation = require('documentation');
var streamArray = require('stream-array');
var vfs = require('vinyl-fs');

documentation.build(['index.js'])
  .then(documentation.formats.html)
  .then(output => {
    streamArray(output).pipe(vfs.dest('./output-directory'));
  });
```

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>>** Promise with results

## formats.markdown

Formats documentation as
[Markdown][149].

### Parameters

-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Object][136]>** parsed comments
-   `args` **[Object][136]** Options that can customize the output

### Examples

```javascript
var documentation = require('documentation');
var fs = require('fs');

documentation.build(['index.js'])
  .then(documentation.formats.md)
  .then(output => {
    // output is a string of Markdown data
    fs.writeFileSync('./output.md', output);
  });
```

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[string][135]>** a promise of the eventual value

## formats.json

Formats documentation as a JSON string.

### Parameters

-   `comments` **[Array][134]&lt;[Comment][144]>** parsed comments

### Examples

```javascript
var documentation = require('documentation');
var fs = require('fs');

documentation.build(['index.js'])
  .then(documentation.formats.json)
  .then(output => {
    // output is a string of JSON data
    fs.writeFileSync('./output.json', output);
  });
```

Returns **[Promise][137]&lt;[string][135]>** 

## formatters

Create a formatter group, given a linker method that resolves
namespaces to URLs

### Parameters

-   `getHref`  linker method

Returns **[formatters][150]** formatter object

### parameter

Format a parameter name. This is used in formatParameters
and just needs to be careful about differentiating optional
parameters

#### Parameters

-   `param` **[Object][136]** a param as a type spec
-   `short` **[boolean][138]** whether to cut the details and make it skimmable

Returns **[string][135]** formatted parameter representation.

### markdown

Convert a remark AST to a string of HTML, rerouting links as necessary

#### Parameters

-   `ast` **[Object][136]** remark-compatible AST

Returns **[string][135]** HTML

### type

Format a type and convert it to HTML

#### Parameters

-   `type` **[Object][136]** doctrine-format type

Returns **[string][135]** HTML

### autolink

Link text to this page or to a central resource.

#### Parameters

-   `text` **[string][135]** inner text of the link

Returns **[string][135]** potentially linked HTML

### parameters

Format the parameters of a function into a quickly-readable
summary that resembles how you would call the function
initially.

#### Parameters

-   `section` **[Object][136]** comment node from documentation
-   `short` **[boolean][138]** whether to cut the details and make it skimmable

Returns **[string][135]** formatted parameters

## pathsLinker

Generate a linker method that links given hardcoded namepaths to URLs

### Parameters

-   `paths` **[Object][136]** an object specified in documentation.yml of hard paths

Returns **[Function][143]** linker

## firstPass

Given an array of functions, call each of them with `input`
and return the output of the first one that returns a truthy value.

### Parameters

-   `fns` **[Array][134]&lt;[Function][143]>** array of methods
-   `input` **any** any input

Returns **any** any output

## LinkerStack

Create a linking method that takes a namepath and returns a URI
or a falsy value

### Parameters

-   `config` **[Object][136]** configuration value

Returns **[Function][143]** linker method

[1]: #expandinputs

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #lint

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #examples

[6]: #lint-1

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #build

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #examples-1

[11]: #formats

[12]: #inline_tokenizer

[13]: #nest

[14]: #parameters-4

[15]: #filteraccess

[16]: #parameters-5

[17]: #walk

[18]: #parameters-6

[19]: #dependencystream

[20]: #parameters-7

[21]: #filter

[22]: #parameters-8

[23]: #module_filters

[24]: #externals

[25]: #parameters-9

[26]: #commenttoflow

[27]: #parameters-10

[28]: #convertpathtoposix

[29]: #parameters-11

[30]: #processpath

[31]: #parameters-12

[32]: #resolvefileglobpatterns

[33]: #parameters-13

[34]: #listfilestoprocess

[35]: #parameters-14

[36]: #addfile

[37]: #parameters-15

[38]: #shallow

[39]: #parameters-16

[40]: #parsejavascript

[41]: #parameters-17

[42]: #todo

[43]: #parsejsdoc

[44]: #parameters-18

[45]: #parsecomment

[46]: #parameters-19

[47]: #parsevuescript

[48]: #parameters-20

[49]: #linkgithub

[50]: #parameters-21

[51]: #findgit

[52]: #parameters-22

[53]: #getgithuburlprefix

[54]: #parameters-23

[55]: #isevent

[56]: #parameters-24

[57]: #hierarchy

[58]: #parameters-25

[59]: #infername

[60]: #parameters-26

[61]: #inferkind

[62]: #parameters-27

[63]: #inferaugments

[64]: #parameters-28

[65]: #inferimplements

[66]: #parameters-29

[67]: #inferparams

[68]: #parameters-30

[69]: #maptags

[70]: #parameters-31

[71]: #renametree

[72]: #parameters-32

[73]: #inferproperties

[74]: #parameters-33

[75]: #identifiers

[76]: #identifiers-1

[77]: #normalizememberof

[78]: #parameters-34

[79]: #isjsdoccomment

[80]: #parameters-35

[81]: #inferreturn

[82]: #parameters-36

[83]: #inferaccess

[84]: #parameters-37

[85]: #infertype

[86]: #parameters-38

[87]: #markdownast

[88]: #parameters-39

[89]: #generate

[90]: #parameters-40

[91]: #t

[92]: #parameters-41

[93]: #link

[94]: #parameters-42

[95]: #examples-2

[96]: #commalist

[97]: #parameters-43

[98]: #decorate

[99]: #parameters-44

[100]: #formattype

[101]: #parameters-45

[102]: #examples-3

[103]: #mergepackage

[104]: #parameters-46

[105]: #mergeconfigfile

[106]: #parameters-47

[107]: #formatshtml

[108]: #parameters-48

[109]: #examples-4

[110]: #formatsmarkdown

[111]: #parameters-49

[112]: #examples-5

[113]: #formatsjson

[114]: #parameters-50

[115]: #examples-6

[116]: #formatters

[117]: #parameters-51

[118]: #parameter

[119]: #parameters-52

[120]: #markdown

[121]: #parameters-53

[122]: #type

[123]: #parameters-54

[124]: #autolink

[125]: #parameters-55

[126]: #parameters-56

[127]: #parameters-57

[128]: #pathslinker

[129]: #parameters-58

[130]: #firstpass

[131]: #parameters-59

[132]: #linkerstack

[133]: #parameters-60

[134]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[135]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[136]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[137]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[138]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[139]: https://github.com/wooorm/remark/blob/master/doc/remarkplugin.3.md#function-tokenizereat-value-silent

[140]: https://github.com/wooorm/remark/blob/master/doc/remarkplugin.3.md#function-locatorvalue-fromindex

[141]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[142]: http://usejsdoc.org/tags-param.html#parameters-with-properties

[143]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[144]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Comment/Comment

[145]: https://github.com/documentationjs/api-json

[146]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Error

[147]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[148]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mdast

[149]: http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/

[150]: #formatters
